Feat/857 update readme (#858)
centrifuge/go-centrifuge: testworld/README.md

- Bernard (`hostManager.bernard`) is a special host that serves as the libp2p bootnode for the test network.
- `hostConfig` serves as the starting point for you to define new hosts. Please check whether an existing host can be reused for your scenario before adding new ones.
- At the start of the each test run a test config is loaded for the required Ethereum network(eg: Rinkeby or local). The host configs are defined based on this.

> - If you want to define a custom configuration(s) for your local testing, copy `configs/base.json` to `configs/local/local.json` and modify the file the way you want. Testworld will automatically pick up the file. 

Reviewer: Can you add a small section in this readme on how to add a new testcase and how to run that new test using `go test` command. I think it should basically be 3 steps which answers following questions,
- (how to define a test case?)
- (How to create/set configs? refer, as its already mentioned here also)
- (How to run with `go test`?)

- Plus points if you write a test with a scenario that matches a scene in Westworld with node names matching the characters ;)

### Dev

#### Defining test cases

> To define a test case in Testworld, please add the new test case in the _test file relevant to the behaviour being tested, ie: `testworld/document_consensus_test.go`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a test case in Testworld, 
1. Please add the new test case in the `<scenario>_test` file relevant to the behaviour being tested, ie: `testworld/signature_test.go`. 
```
Rest of the numerical list follows :)
